com.fallen.streamgetter.CallReceiver
com.fallen.streamgetter.CallReceiver: CallReceiver()
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: GetRadioActivity()
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void connect(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void stop(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void play(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void play_rec(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void rec(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void updateLib(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void addToFav(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void setSaveCount(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void rateMe(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void buy(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void showDemoAgain(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void topClicked(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void statusClicked(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void tracksClicked(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void optionsClicked(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void forward(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void backward(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void addStation(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.GetRadioActivity: void addConfirm(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.MainService
com.fallen.streamgetter.MainService: MainService()
com.fallen.streamgetter.PlayerService
com.fallen.streamgetter.PlayerService: PlayerService()
com.fallen.streamgetter.PlayerService: void stop()
com.fallen.streamgetter.PlayerService: void next()
com.fallen.streamgetter.PlayerService: void prev()
com.fallen.streamgetter.SGPlayer
com.fallen.streamgetter.SGPlayer: SGPlayer()
com.fallen.streamgetter.SGPlayer: void moveToAccepted(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.SGPlayer: void showAcceptFolderHelp(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.SGPlayer: void stop(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.SGPlayer: void next(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetter.SGPlayer: void prev(android.view.View)
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int addfavicon
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int alt
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int audio
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int backmetal
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int button_play
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int button_stop
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int classic
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int dancenew
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int database
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int explogo3
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int favbutton
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int function_layout_border
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int gradient_handle
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int hand48
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int hipnew
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int jazznew
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int metall
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int news
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int pignew
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int playoffbutton
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int playonbutton
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int pointer
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int pop
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int recbutt
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int recbuttoff
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int recoff
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int recon
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int rock
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int save
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int savecuroff
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int savecuron
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int savecurrentoff
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int savecurrenton
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int soundtr
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int star_none
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int stop_button
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int stopbutton
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int stopbuttonclicked
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$drawable: int uni_clicked
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int addConfirm
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int albumImage
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int bigLayout
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int bitRate
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int content
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int count_ll
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int curGenre
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int curRadio
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int curStatus
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int curTitle
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int currentTimeText
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int cutByTracks
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int deleteFile
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int deleteStation
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int favButton
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int fileLayout
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int fileListView
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int filename
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int functionLayout
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int gallery
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int genreImage
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int genreListLayout
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int genreName
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int helpButtonsLayout
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int helpLine
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int imageLayout
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int kbtext
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int layout_root
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int loadImages
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int loadingBar
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int mediaSeek
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int newStationName
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int newStationUrl
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int noFilesText
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int optionsLayout
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int overalTimeText
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int p_r
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int play
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int playBackOn
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int playerLayout
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int pointer
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int progressLayout
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int rec
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int saveAllOn
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int saveCurSong
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int saveTo
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int seekBar
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int seekText
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int showHelpButtonss
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int stName
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int stationLayout
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int stationSite
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int statusField
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int statusLayout
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int stop
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int textView1
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int titleText
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int topBarLayout
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$id: int volumeBar
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$layout: int add_url_layout
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$layout: int all_in_line
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$layout: int count_dialog
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$layout: int custom_pre_action_dialog
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$layout: int customdialog
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$layout: int ddd
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$layout: int file_row
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$layout: int genre_list_row
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$layout: int newoptions
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$layout: int sgplayer
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$layout: int stat_layout
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$layout: int station_item
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int addFav
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int addStation
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int addedToFav
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int alreadyFav
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int alreadyRec
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int app_name
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int back
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int bitRate
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int buyMessage
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int buyTitle
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int cancel
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int countSaveButton
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int countSaveHelp
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int countSaveMessage
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int cutByTracks
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int details
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int freeSpace
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int genre
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int genres
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int hello
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int help
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int helpGUI
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int helpGUIEnd
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int helpPR
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int helpPlay
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int helpSave
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int helpStop
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int justPlaying
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int libUpdate
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int librefresh
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int limitMessage
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int loadImage
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int lowSpace
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int manage
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int moveComplete
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int moveHelp
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int moveToAccept
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int mute
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int newStationNameText
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int noLicense
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int noLimitSave
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int noRecordedFiles
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int noTitle
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int options
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int piracyBad
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int piracyOk
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int playButton
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int play_explain
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int play_recButton
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int random
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int rateMe
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int recButton
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int recFilesTitle
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int rec_and_play_explain
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int rec_explain
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int reconnect
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int reconnectFail
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int recorded
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int records
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int saveCurrent
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int saveCurrentCancel
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int saveCurrentUnavailable
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int saveTo
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int selectStation
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int setSaveCount
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int settings
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int showExp
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int showHelpButtons
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int site
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int status
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int statusBuf
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int statusConnected
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int statusConnecting
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int statusError
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int statusPR
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int statusPlay
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int statusPre
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int statusPreFail
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int statusRec
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int statusRecconect
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int statusStop
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int stopped
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int systemEvent
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int thanks
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int trackRecorded
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int updLib
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int updateStationBaseFail
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int updatedStationBase
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int urlStationText
com.fallen.streamgetterfree.R$string: int volume
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int addfavicon
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int alt
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int audio
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int backmetal
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int button_play
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int button_stop
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int classic
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int dancenew
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int database
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int explogo3
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int favbutton
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int function_layout_border
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int gradient_handle
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int hand48
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int hipnew
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int jazznew
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int metall
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int news
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int pignew
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int playoffbutton
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int playonbutton
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int pointer
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int pop
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int recbutt
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int recbuttoff
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int recoff
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int recon
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int rock
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int save
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int savecuroff
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int savecuron
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int savecurrentoff
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int savecurrenton
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int soundtr
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int star_none
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int stop_button
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int stopbutton
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int stopbuttonclicked
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$drawable: int uni_clicked
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int addConfirm
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int albumImage
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int bigLayout
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int bitRate
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int content
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int count_ll
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int curGenre
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int curRadio
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int curStatus
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int curTitle
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int currentTimeText
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int cutByTracks
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int deleteFile
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int deleteStation
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int favButton
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int fileLayout
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int fileListView
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int filename
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int functionLayout
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int gallery
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int genreImage
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int genreListLayout
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int genreName
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int helpButtonsLayout
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int helpLine
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int imageLayout
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int kbtext
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int layout_root
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int loadImages
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int loadingBar
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int mediaSeek
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int newStationName
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int newStationUrl
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int noFilesText
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int optionsLayout
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int overalTimeText
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int p_r
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int play
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int playBackOn
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int playerLayout
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int pointer
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int progressLayout
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int rec
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int saveAllOn
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int saveCurSong
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int saveTo
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int seekBar
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int seekText
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int showHelpButtonss
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int stName
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int stationLayout
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int stationSite
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int statusField
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int statusLayout
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int stop
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int textView1
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int titleText
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int topBarLayout
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$id: int volumeBar
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$layout: int add_url_layout
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$layout: int all_in_line
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$layout: int count_dialog
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$layout: int custom_pre_action_dialog
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$layout: int customdialog
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$layout: int ddd
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$layout: int file_row
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$layout: int genre_list_row
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$layout: int newoptions
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$layout: int sgplayer
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$layout: int stat_layout
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$layout: int station_item
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int addFav
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int addStation
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int addedToFav
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int alreadyFav
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int alreadyRec
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int app_name
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int back
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int bitRate
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int buyMessage
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int buyTitle
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int cancel
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int countSaveButton
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int countSaveHelp
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int countSaveMessage
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int cutByTracks
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int details
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int freeSpace
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int genre
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int genres
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int hello
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int help
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int helpGUI
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int helpGUIEnd
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int helpPR
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int helpPlay
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int helpSave
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int helpStop
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int justPlaying
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int libUpdate
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int librefresh
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int limitMessage
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int loadImage
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int lowSpace
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int manage
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int moveComplete
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int moveHelp
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int moveToAccept
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int mute
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int newStationNameText
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int noLicense
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int noLimitSave
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int noRecordedFiles
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int noTitle
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int options
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int piracyBad
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int piracyOk
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int playButton
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int play_explain
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int play_recButton
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int random
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int rateMe
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int recButton
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int recFilesTitle
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int rec_and_play_explain
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int rec_explain
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int reconnect
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int reconnectFail
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int recorded
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int records
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int saveCurrent
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int saveCurrentCancel
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int saveCurrentUnavailable
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int saveTo
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int selectStation
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int setSaveCount
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int settings
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int showExp
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int showHelpButtons
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int site
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int status
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int statusBuf
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int statusConnected
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int statusConnecting
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int statusError
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int statusPR
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int statusPlay
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int statusPre
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int statusPreFail
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int statusRec
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int statusRecconect
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int statusStop
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int stopped
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int systemEvent
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int thanks
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int trackRecorded
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int updLib
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int updateStationBaseFail
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int updatedStationBase
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int urlStationText
com.google.android.vending.licensing.R$string: int volume
